So did anyone else find it odd that when moon express announced two days ago on
July 12th,
which you may have seen the headlines going around all over the world,
that they're going to establish the very first outpost ever on the moon to
conduct mining operations by 2020.
But the part that really cut me off guard was the location of this robotic
outpost.
They're gonna put it at the south pole of the moon, which is what, oh,
I don't know, seven, 800,
maybe even closer to a thousand miles from where humans have ever even stepped
foot. And they're gonna do chose that place for the very first mining operation.
Huh? Interesting choice. I mean, what brought them to that decision?
It's almost as if the, they know something that, well, we don't, you know,
there's many questions in mysteries about our moon that have gone unanswered and
I find it really interesting that NASA has no plans to go back to the moon yet.
All they talk about is Mars, Mars, Mars. I mean, take, for example,
in January of this year,
how scientists from UCLA determine that the moon is significantly older
than we ever thought. In fact, it might even be as old or older than the earth,
or as old as the solar system itself,
which raises all kinds of questions involving its origins. In fact,
the mysteries go far deeper than that besides the fact that they have found
processed metals, such as brass and Mica on the moon,
they have also found uranium 2 36 and neptunium two seven on the moon.
Well, why is that significant? Well,
besides the fact that this is seldom ever discussed, and by the way,
this comes from NASA scientists, themselves and scientists at MIT. I mean,
this isn't a secret, but nobody talks about it.
It's like they discovered this and just left it alone.
But more specifically in why this is so interesting is that these elements have,
have never been found to occur. Naturally. In fact,
uranium 2 36 is a radioactive nuclear waste,
which is found in spent nuclear and reprocessed uranium.
But even more interesting is that Netton 2 37 is a radioactive metallic element
and a byproduct of nuclear reactors and the production of plutonium.
But this law known fact of process metals and artificial elements on the moon is
just seemingly left out of any conversation from the mainstream or even NASA
altogether. I mean, it's not a secret,
but literally you have to be a weirdo like me and go looking for the information
to find it. You know, many people don't believe that we went to the moon,
but there is a significant amount of evidence that shows that you, yeah,
we have indeed been to the moon.
The real question is when did we first go to the moon? What did we find there?
And when's the last time we've been there.
Does anyone else think that it's odd that the United States in the middle of a
cold war and a space race with Russia would send a couple astronauts to the moon
for the very first time on live TV in front of a global audio,
knowing that there was incredible risk end dangers and the likelihood that they
would well die in the process insiders have told and spoke about this before.
And many people have shunned them. I mean,
Alex Jones has reported on this and I'm not an Alex Jones fan,
to be honest with you, but he's been right about a number of things.
So you can't just dismiss everything he says altogether,
but regardless he claims that really the story is that look,
Neil Armstrong and buzz Alder were not the first on the moon. Hence why? I mean,
look at the Apollo 11 press conference on how unbelievably awkward that is.
They lack any enthusiasm for it whatsoever.
Despite just coming back from the first people to set foot on the moon and being
global superheroes overnight,
yet they beca they came home and became massive drunks.
Neil Armstrong did as little public appearances as possible to the point where
he off NASA.
And then he went into hiding for more than three decades without doing a single,
uh, formal public interview about his experience. I mean, that's really all odd,
to be honest with you, I think we're there right now and that we never left.
If you think that sounds crazy,
then you should probably start asking yourself what in the world,
our deep state intelligence agencies did with the more than six and a half
trillion that has just vanished from the Pentagon. I mean,
you may have seen these stories circulating around the, uh,
news outlets from last September and August from 2016.
And then we just never hear anything about it since then,
nothing from president Obama or president Trump,
it's just the story's just gone, but what did they do with the money? I mean,
six and a half trillion is practically an infinite amount of money.
I guarantee you there's a hidden space program and we're on the moon right now
in this far more to it than we ever thought possible.
Have you ever heard of the H moon theory? Well, it's more,
more than just the theory because the evidence is overwhelming. I mean,
besides the mathematical formulas and equations that are utilized for measuring
mass,
NASA and other scientists have been baffled on why the moon just lacks so much
that it should have based on all the other calculations that we have about it
yet, when experiments have been done from the seismographs placed from the early
Apollo missions, such as when we threw the Saturn five launch vehicle from the,
uh, Apollo 13 mission, when it crashed into the moon,
it resulted in a impact equivalent to approximately 11 tons of T and T.
And when they did that,
the seismographs bounced with wavelengths for more than three hours in 20
minutes.
And scientists from MIT literally stated that it rang like a bell and their are
completely baffled by it. And the only explanation that they have is that, well,
the moon is hollow, which raises all kinds of other incredible questions.
So take, for example,
the fact that there is an abundance of titanium on the moon, in fact,
concentrations of rocks,
thatta titanium on the moon first earth show that the moon has 10 times as much
titanium than are earth. Hence,
the reason why they're in such a rush to go mine the place,
but there's other questions such as the big mystery on why these massive craters
on the moon are so shallow, like dinner plates, they can't account for it.
They don't know why they're so shallow and that the depth versus with ratio
doesn't add up whatsoever.
Could this give credence that maybe there is titanium sphere on the inside of
the moon? I know that sounds crazy,
but let me show you some more information on that. And by the way,
research the honeymoon theory for yourself,
but you'll notice that the mainstream just ignores it all together and all you
have is fringe media outlets that compare it to being a death star. Seriously,
can't we have an adult conversation and just look at the data and ponder on what
the possibilities are. I mean,
isn't it really interesting that ancient civilizations discuss the time before
the moon, whether it be authors from ancient Greece or Rome,
or even the Zulu tribes in Africa that discuss this in depth or even illusions
to the time of, or the moon mentioned in the Hebrew Bible. In fact,
these legends even go all the way over to south America from native tribes,
from the mountains of Columbia. I mean,
we can't just dismiss verbal legends altogether. I mean,
after all hundreds of civilizations,
across five continents around the world ended up being right about the stories
and legends of a great flood, cuz it's been scientific. We verified that yes,
approximately 13,000 years ago,
there was a sudden and rapid 400 foot rise in global sea levels.
And those legends survived more than 12,000 years.
So is it possible that these legends may be true in that? Well,
maybe the moon was brought into orbit around the earth far,
sooner than we ever thought possible. And everything is just lined up.
Just perfectly allow for an abundance of life to essentially flourish here on
earth. I mean,
it's also worth mentioning that our moon is so unique and of itself that it's
the only moon in our solar system or even in the observable universe for that
matter. That has a nearly perfect circular orbit.
It's technically still elliptical. However, there's no other, uh,
moon that orbits it's planet that we have seen like ours does.
Now let me dump some coincidences on you. Take the ratio 1 0 8.
If you divide the distance from the earth to the sun and divide it by the sun's
diameter, you get 1 0 8.
Well the same thing with the moon divide the distance from the moon by its
diameter. And you also get 1 0 8,
which is interesting because 1 0 8 is mentioned in ancient civilizations. What,
whether it be the 108 towers in Cambodia or the significance of 1 0 8 in the
Hindu religion or even 1 0 8 that might have some similarities to the Stonehenge
monuments with the outer perimeter equaling, uh, 100.8 feet.
And all of these things allow for a near perfect solar eclipse while perfect to
within 99.9%. But the coincidence says don't stop there.
In fact,
the sun and moon appear the same size in the sky because the sun's diameter is
about 400 times greater, but the sun is also 400 times further away,
but not only that,
the earth rotates at a speed 400 times faster than the moon and another number
366, the earth spins 366 during one year.
And the polar circumference of the earth is 360 times bigger than that,
of the moon for the sake of brevity, I'll stop there.
But the coincidences don't just stop there. It's unbelievable.
Just how perfect everything is between the earth and the moon,
these perfect alignments,
the mass of the moon and its perfect orbit and distance from earth have allowed
for incredible amounts of life for the tides, for the seasons.
And although I'm not saying that the earth would look anything like these other
places we've landed on without the moon,
it sure is interesting on how grateful we should be for well, whatever,
put the moon in its place when and where it did,
but there's other outstanding questions about the moon,
such as the Apollo 10 mission where they did, they practiced run,
where they did a lap around the moon prior to the Apollo 11 mission where the
astronauts overheard what they described as music, there was a rhythm,
it was incredible, like nothing they've ever heard.
And they spent the better part of an hour while on the far side of the moon
discussing this and that they heard it while they were on the far side of the
moon. So it couldn't have been anything coming from planet earth.
And although I'm not suggesting that it's aliens on the moon,
listening to music,
all they know is that the astronauts were freaked out about it and they spent
the better part of an hour discussing and whether they would even share that
with NASA, for fear of what it would do to their careers. And you know,
what NASA did, they kept this story secret for nearly 50 years.
That's kind of a red flag to me and to throw even greater mystery into the moon.
Are you familiar with what's called lunar transient phenomena where dating back
to the 11 hundreds.
There's been several notable occasions where people on earth have observed
glowing lights and Fluor fluorescent lighting on the moon.
Many of which cannot be explained through meteorites, which would, you know,
maybe be a flashlight or even volcanic activity,
which would be sustained glowing red, uh, you know, lighting,
which has been observed, which some,
which has never been proved to be volcanic activity by the way, but take,
for example, the Apollo 11 mission buzz Alder and Neil Armstrong,
they're on the way to the moon, just hours from stepping foot on it.
People back on the earth are planting their barbecues. Meanwhile,
NASA calls to Apollo 11 to say that through their telescopes,
he observed some sort of glowing greenish light on the north side of the moon
immediately, Michael col Collins radios back,
and they were observing it as well.
And these described it as a slight flu fluorescent lighting.
And then this story was just never heard from again,
they didn't make it classified. It's not secret,
but you would expect that to be a headline of some sort. I mean,
think about this just hours from stepping foot on the moon for the first time,
there's only been several notable occasions of these lights ever being seen.
And it just so happens from the first time we're ever gonna step foot on the
moon. This is observed by NASA,
from earth as well as the astronauts and that are about to land there.
And the story just gets, you know, omitted from the headlines altogether.
Isn't interesting.
Maybe we should go back to the moon and look at these places where these lights
have been seen from.
Maybe we should go back to the moon and figure out why the moon, uh,
craters are so shallow or why there's processed metals or uranium 2 36,
and neptunium 2 37. Add all these things together, guys.
So you get some really interesting conclusions. Anyways guys,
it's time we start asking serious questions about the moon.
It's time we start entertaining the fact that, you know,
maybe it was geo engineered by some advanced race who knows how long ago?
I mean, I know this sounds crazy,
but when you could take into consideration all the impossible coincidences,
well, I mean maybe it's not impossible,
but do you think it's just a coincidence? I sure don't anyways, guys,
I'll leave it at that. Like it's subscribe. Leave me a comment.
Let me know what your thoughts are.
And I have many other videos to come a whole wide variety of topics. I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight. Take care, everybody.